hi everyone I think I just had the worst
day of my life probably um because my
pet died and it's like even maybe like
an hour and it's the middle of the night
I don't know I feel like I've kind of
run out of Tears at this point but I
can't really sleep then I don't really
know what to do with myself um so I
thought I just talk to you because
that's what I do
um you know ever people write a diary
and I sometimes talk to a camera and it
kind of helps I don't always upload
these things and I'm not sure this is a
video I would upload but um yeah it's
basically the entire day was completely
normal but I can noticed she even less
and I was worried and for this you don't
know um my pet was a little rabbit
her name was mommy long margin was a
million but um yeah she usually go by me
because she'd be gone by the time you
would finished saying her long name um
she was 10 which is very old for a
rabbit
you expect him to get around 6 to 8 so
you know um it wasn't something that was
entirely unexpected
um I rabbit had a tumor earlier this
year but she had surgery and she made it
out really really well um so she really
defied all the odds you know given her
old age and how well she was doing but
obviously you know we we weren't where
that this is something that could happen
and yeah we were upstairs and we were
watching something and I just went down
a just went
check on her and she's just lying down
you know you kind of know your pet and
you know when they're just lying there
and home sleeping and when something's
off and I just knew in that moment that
something was off and like when I wait
you know touched her and pulled her
towards me she wasn't really reactive
and I I just knew that you know that's
it basically she wasn't dead at that
point she was kind of like I guess
shutting down um so we we all had a
chance say goodbye which is something
I'm grateful for and she died in my arms
which i think is something she would
have wanted I guess um she was very
attached to all of us um she was a very
unusual rabbit because she she loves
getting hugs and you know here to flood
her she would have just slept in our bed
um
cuddling my balance um because yeah she
was just that attached to us and so I
guess something she would've wanted but
it's it's just so hard
um I've never really lost anybody with
that close to me which is weird because
I mean I'm 20 but this is the first real
big loss of ever experienced in my life
I've only ever lost distant relatives
and I was very little back then I don't
think I really understood the concept of
death um I just can't don't really know
how to deal with this I don't really
know what to do um I just really hope
that she wasn't in pain she didn't seem
to be in pain I think um even if you see
it coming and even if you get to say
goodbye it's camp never easy obviously
and it always feels like it's too early
even if it is not coming even if you
knew early you know a good two and a
half years that everyday is basically a
gift because it's where you pretty
statistic when it happened I'm sorry I
thought I wasn't crying anymore but
apparently not oh yeah I guess in the
end and begin oh thank you you know
asked for like a better way for her to
go I think about it like should she had
a good last day like this morning she
woke up and she came over to my room and
we cuddled for a good hour something
she'd like to do um and something she
would make very clear that she wanted
huh you know she wouldn't let you get
away with not spending time her so she
just you know slept a little bit with me
and then she's been hurt most of her day
just in her corner where she has light
you know her food and then like a little
cage where she can just you know go in
for out the day and I'm a curtain which
she always plays with him yeah I mean
you know and then she just got to you
know say goodbye to all of us yeah in a
way saying goodbye supposed to make it
easier it kind of doesn't feel like it
um um that I'm not so grateful that I
don't I don't have to wonder you know
she suffered or anything um but it's
it's really painful and
even though I knew that was coming at
some point it still feels like it was
unexpected and I just don't feel like I
was ready for it didn't I just don't
know um what to do I don't know how to
deal with this um yeah I've never gone
for somebody like it but I feel like
just you know having thought about her
last day as I spoke to you guys about it
can help my way a bit kids well you know
it it just it makes you realize there's
nothing you could have done to make it
much better cuz I think for her it was I
kind of day she would have wanted and
I'm I'm grateful it she got to have that
day and I'm really grateful that you
know her my last day wasn't spent at the
vet or anything like that
because when you rabbit is ten years old
you don't know you know and obviously
you know two older your pet gets the
more likely that they get some illnesses
and stuff and I'm just glad that she she
got to enjoy life you know every day and
she brightened our days so much -
Peschel II um she she was there for me
when I had first some really really
tough things um some things really
didn't go that well for me to my
childhood and my pet really really
helped me go for that and here is she
was she was like uh like a real person
in our family she was treated like that
and yeah she was she was someone who I
told everything which sounds weird I
guess but that's how it was
that's why it's hard for me to just know
I will never get to do that again you
know I won't ever get you crying just
you know hold her and have that helped
me I'll never you know get to see her
just you know hop around the room house
and fight over curtain these little
things I just wish that I have had more
time with her and I'm also so grateful
that I up so many years apart
that's incredible so yeah there's no big
message in this video there's nothing
big here is just an update on my life I
guess for me this is more like a diary
entry um I guess I just have to do that
I make videos where where people would
write a diary yeah that's it I'm just
grateful that she was a part of my life
[Music]
thank you mommy you've been really
really amazing but all of us you know
for me but also for my mom even as you
wouldn't admit it because sometimes you
did some really stupid stuff um like
fighting for cables leaving us without a
phone Judy um thanks to dad but she
still loves you a lot and we just all
you know it's out of a bad hugged each
other and cried and that was kind of
reputed I hope you know we're gonna miss
you I miss you I know I already do cuz I
know I'm I'm gonna wake up tomorrow
morning
not gonna be there but I'm so glad that
you were there for ten years if you were
anything
[Music]